[ADD] PLM: engineering change order doc (#5238)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/plm/eco_type.rst

.. _plm/eco/eco-type:

.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`
.. |ECO| replace:: :abbr:`ECO (Engineering Change Order)`
.. |ECOs| replace:: :abbr:`ECOs (Engineering Change Orders)`

========
ECO type
========

> Organize engineering change orders (ECOs) into a *ECO type* project and create custom stages to

Reviewer: We typically use *italics* for initialisms, not capital letters.

The italics are more appropriate, I'd argue, because:
- stylistically, they are is as effective as capital letters in visually communicating a difference in the text, meaning, they clue in the reader to pay attention;
- orthographically, they are correct since they are actually emphasizing something, like italics is supposed to do. Whereas, the capitalization is a bit more of a subjective use case in stylizing the initialisms (they're not proper nouns, after all), no?.
- consistently, this is what we typically do on doc for acronym,  so whether or not it's the best or most correct way, it is at least...consistent.

Whether or not we agree on this, I appreciate you for giving me the excuse to flex _orthography_— that one had some dust on it! 😅 These, by the way, are definitely the nuanced ideas/discussions I like to see, so cheers to that! 🍻

> Organize engineering change orders (ECOs) into a *ECO type* project and create custom stages to
> track the progress of changes within a structured Gantt view project pipeline. This categorization
> ensures that collaborators and stakeholders only view and assist with relevant |BOM| improvements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Organize engineering change orders (ECOs) into an *ECO type* project, and create custom stages to
track the progress of changes within a structured Gantt view project pipeline. This categorization
ensures collaborators and stakeholders **only** view and assist with relevant |BOM| improvements.
```

Create ECO type
===============

To access and manage ECO types, navigate to :menuselection:`PLM app --> Configuration --> ECO
Types`.

Create a new ECO type by clicking :guilabel:`New`. On the new :guilabel:`ECO Types` form, fill in
the following information:

> - :guilabel:`Name`: the name of the |ECO| and will organize all of the |ECOs| of this *type* in a
>   project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Name`: the name of the |ECO|, which will organize all of the |ECOs| of this *type* in a
  project.
```

> - :guilabel:`Email Alias`: an optional field. If filled, emails submitted to this email address will
>   automatically generate |ECOs| in the left-most stage of this |ECO| type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Email Alias`: if this optional field is filled, emails submitted to this email address
  automatically generate |ECOs| in the left-most stage of this |ECO| type.
```

.. example::
   The `Formulation change` |ECO| type is used to organize and track related |ECOs| in a single
   project. Configuring the :guilabel:`Email Alias` field generates |ECOs| in the `Formulation
   change` project sent to the email address, `pawlish-change@pawlished-glam.odoo.com`.

   .. image:: eco_type/create-eco-type.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Example of an ECO type.

Edit ECO type
=============

> Modify existing |ECO| type names and email aliases by clicking by navigating to the
> :menuselection:`PLM app --> Configuration --> ECO Types` page. There, click on the desired on the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Modify existing |ECO| type names and email aliases by navigating to
:menuselection:`PLM app --> Configuration --> ECO Types` . There, click on the desired on the
```

desired |ECO| type from the list. On the form for each |ECO| type, edit the :guilabel:`Name` and
:guilabel:`Email Alias` fields.

.. _plm/eco/stage-config:

Stage configuration
===================

*Stages* in each |ECO| type help to organize and track the progress of |ECOs|. Additionally,

> approvers can be configured on each stage to enforce reviews on changes and prevent errors on the

Reviewer 3: Are they really enforcing reviews or are they approving suggested changes? I think the phrasing here could be reworked.

> *Stages* in each |ECO| type help to organize and track the progress of |ECOs|. Additionally,
> approvers can be configured on each stage to enforce reviews on changes and prevent errors on the
> production |BOM|.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Stages* in each |ECO| type help organize and track the progress of |ECOs|. Additionally, approvers
can be configured on each stage to enforce reviews on changes, and prevent errors on the production
|BOM|.
```

> For best practice, at there is at least one *verification* stage, which is a stage with a required
> approver, and one *closing* stage, which stores |ECOs| that have been either canceled or approved
> for use as the next production |BOM|.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For best practice, there should be at least one *verification* stage, which is a stage with a
required approver, and one *closing* stage, which stores |ECOs| that have been either canceled or
approved for use as the next production |BOM|.
```

Verification stage
------------------

Click an ECO type from :menuselection:`PLM app --> Overview` to open a kanban view of |ECOs| of this
type.

To configure a verification stage, hover over the intended stage, and select the :guilabel:`⚙️
(gear)` icon. Then, click :guilabel:`Edit` to open a pop-up window.

Configure the verification stage in the edit stage pop-up window, by checking the box for
:guilabel:`Allow to apply changes`.

> Add an approver in the :guilabel:`Approvers` section by clicking :guilabel:`Add a line` and
> specifying the :guilabel:`Role` of the reviewer, their :guilabel:`User`, and :guilabel:`Approval
> Type`. Ensure at least one approver is configured with the :guilabel:`Approval Type`, :guilabel:`Is
> required to approve`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, add an approver in the :guilabel:`Approvers` section, by clicking :guilabel:`Add a line`, and
specifying the :guilabel:`Role` of the reviewer, their :guilabel:`User`, and :guilabel:`Approval
Type`.

Make sure at least one approver is configured with the :guilabel:`Approval Type`: :guilabel:`Is
required to approve`.
```

The approver listed will be automatically notified when |ECOs| are dropped in the stage specified in
the pop-up. Once finished, select the :guilabel:`Save & Close` button.

.. example::
   In the |ECO| type `New Product Introduction`, the verification stage `Validated` is configured by

>    clicking :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon and selecting :guilabel:`Edit`. Doing so opens the
>    :guilabel:`Edit: Validated` pop-up window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   clicking the :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon, and selecting :guilabel:`Edit`. Doing so opens the
   :guilabel:`Edit Validated` pop-up window.
```

   By adding the `Engineering manager` as an approver, only |ECOs| approved by this user can proceed

>    to the next stage and have the changes applied on the production |BOM|.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   to the next stage, and have the changes applied on the production |BOM|.
```

>    Additionally, check the :guilabel:`Allow to apply changes` option ensure proper behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Additionally, check the :guilabel:`Allow to apply changes` option to ensure proper behavior.
```

   .. image:: eco_type/verification-stage.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show "Allow to apply changes" option is checked.

Closing stage
-------------

To configure a closing stage, hover over the closing stage, and select the corresponding

> :guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon to open the edit stage pop-up window. Ensure that the :guilabel:`Folded

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`⚙️ (gear)` icon to open the :guilabel:`Edit: [stage]` pop-up window. Ensure that the :guilabel:`Folded
```
